Hello, war is a dangerous business, especially
if you decide to make it a game and
even more so if they took the basis
the great historical event did not have time
see the light the second part of the company of
heroes as the game hit the squall
criticism from our fellow citizens deal
it came to collecting signatures with requirements
prohibit the sale of the game on site
our state
blame the storyline in which
the red army was not put in the
better light but for now the scandal around
games are gaining momentum
we continue our conversation about community
various media projects and today
we have the heroes of the game universes
darksiders philosophical death and asia
the economy spares no one huge
hopes on sale darksiders 2 not
able to keep estrus from bankruptcy
starring game
became for studios last fate and
really not without a sense of humor black
humor however I was waiting for the game with
impatience because not every day they give you
opportunity to be death itself however
literally after a few minutes of play i
I felt a familiar feeling yes yes
this is exactly the reason
shape and pattern of the hero fighting
mechanics and presented in the game world and
reminded me of my beloved series
legacy of kain
or rather two parts sol river and
the last game of the series
legacy of kain defiance
Well, let's not waste time and move on
directly to the detailed analysis
parallels of these two projects first
appearance does not need long stare
to identify similarities in outline
characters characters are transmitted emotions
exclusively gestures and eyes to force
the fact that almost all the time their faces
hidden from sight is also worth noting
constant readiness for battle bent
legs and slightly hunched shoulders and such
readiness to jump beyond that
character often take
the same poses in the game and on
illustrations
but deserves special attention
how death ruzil climb walls
You can give a lot of examples of this
similarities in games however similarities such
degrees you can hardly find
second battle the combat mechanics of heroes among
commanding various combo attacks
death bader waving arms
and cleverly managed with simple
rivals like training dolls
by the way about weapons while death
has in its arsenal braids claws
pistols and more section
manages his soul thief who
in the process of the game gains more
number of incarnations changing
properties miracle ball
the bottom line is that the aforementioned kidnapper
shower performs all the functions of the arsenal
of death
if not more than 3 surrounded despite
conditional freedom of movement in
darksiders 2
the architecture of the world is very similar to what
we see in the process of wandering raziel
abandoned temples with various riddles
and traps concealing bonuses and
other delights afterlife world and
corridor roads through mountains and forests
mysterious buildings and much more
oncoming occupants often send
us to perform various tasks
or give something useful but oh
adversary like mushrooms after rain
reappear upon re-visit
locations oh yes and about the portal and not worth it
forget
finally, pay attention to the way
opening the door
4 plot both heroes wander in their
worlds looking for answers
death is trying to find a way
justify your brother to war a section
looking for answers to the question who is he
in the process both meet different
characters directing them their searches
and oddly enough both heroes in the end
sacrifices himself for the common
the good conclusion is worth noting that
age difference darksiders 2 and legacy
of kain defiance
which remind is the last
the game of the series is 9 years while
distinguishes the game only the presence of improved
charts inventory levels loot and konyashki
not really thick really want to believe that
rumors of restarting the legacy of kain series
not unfounded and that soon fans again
will be able to plunge into the mysterious world of the nose
year and don't forget to leave in
comments the names of games of films and
TV series in your opinion having a lot
in common
and also subscribe to the channel but me
it's time to say goodbye to you
and see you soon
and